<a id='d002c8de-9cb6-4d02-a062-874d49f78e86'></a>

KISUMU COUNTY REFERRAL HOSPITAL
P. O. BOX 1818, KISUMU

<a id='22ad464b-950f-4d77-a77e-ffdda8af0dd9'></a>

**IN-PATIENT/OUT-PATIENT**
**CONTINUATION SHEET**

<a id='e1d3d21d-210d-4fa8-8275-3e6d37cedd64'></a>

IP NO: IP-163FC38771
NAME: NM-61994024F9
EXACT AGE: 50 yrs
SEX: m
ADDRESS: Ohnbezi
DATE: 3/12/25

<a id='e33b2fa4-d612-4941-9333-c8e6839af13b'></a>

-CIC
-Generalized body swelling
-Inability to walk
-Chest pain
-Difficulty in breathing
-Fatigue

HPI
Patient reports that he was last well okay, three months before admission when he reported to have had bilateral lower limb swelling that had an insidious onset steadily rising from the lower legs going upward to the knees, waist and now affects the entire body. He reports that the swelling is associated with chest congestion and the swelling is concentrated in the inguinal areas.

-The patient also reports of inability to walk for the past four days that had a sudden onset without any associated relieving factors and there is associated bilateral knee pain.

-The patient also reports of chest pain felt at both chest areas not radiating anywhere associated with difficulty in breathing. He reports no cough, has chest congestion and reports no history of fainting.

-He reports of having no known chronic condition.
-He also reports...

<a id='601eb941-b6c5-467c-aa52-8860cce1cc29'></a>

PAG-IBIG

<!-- PAGE BREAK -->

<a id='139772c2-8c76-4562-b029-caa13016b0ce'></a>

CNS - No headache
- No dizziness
- No Fainting

CVS - No cough, PDB,
Generalised Body Swelling
No palpitation - No PMD

GIT - No anorexia, No
diarrhoea, No constipation

GUT - Increased Frequency
- No dysuria
- Low urine Flow
rate - Longer
period of micturition

Mass - Joint pains

Skin - No wounds
- Non remarkable

RLS - No cough
- Has DIB
- Has chest congestion

<a id='97c4a41b-a3b3-4c44-91c3-6816e4926f55'></a>

PMCHX

- Under admission
- Patient has been treated on anti-TB on 2 occasions in 1995 and early 2000 and he reports to have completed his medications
- No known drug & Food allergy

<a id='2394d446-5738-4aa3-9125-ebf9b2721859'></a>

<::attestation: Signature
Signed
Signature: legible
P. SIEHL
Blue handwritten signature with a horizontal line beneath it, centered on a white background.::>

<a id='b5d7a7ed-7859-4484-83d3-586d7f42f307'></a>

- Businessman
- Not married and living alone
- Divorced and the wife
  has the children
- Alcoholic who last taken
  alcohol on September 2025
- Reports to smoke

<a id='df91a9b2-8ef9-4083-9e32-e3f83858fc15'></a>

Family Hx
- Patient is a FIFTH born
in a family of Seven
- Reports no known Chronic
Familial disease

<a id='a0fccc74-216c-47c3-a373-f78e0e21f410'></a>

O/E
No pallor
No jaundice
No oral thrush
No lymphadenopathy
No dehydration
- Generalised body oedema
- No finger clubbing
- No flappy tremors
- No varicose veins

S/E
- CVS - S1 S2 heard
- Neck pulse
- R/S - Normal breath sounds
P.A - Hard abdomen
- Massacre puss

<!-- PAGE BREAK -->

<a id='7eb40ff6-d231-4c50-8069-66da9bfcaf08'></a>

KISUMU COUNTY REFERRAL HOSPITAL
P. O. BOX 1818 , KISUMU

<a id='2d84677a-5aac-47f6-b600-7654c154a3c5'></a>

CASE SUMMARY

<a id='45a53dc6-2e86-4d5c-aa6a-dd0b94baf514'></a>

<table id="2-1">
<tr><td id="2-2">IP NO: IP-8C861CC7A5
<tr><td id="2-5">NAME: NM-2A37161508
<tr><td id="2-8">EXACT AGE</td><td id="2-9">47</td><td id="2-a"></td></tr>
<tr><td id="2-b">SEX</td><td id="2-c">MALE</td><td id="2-d"></td></tr>
<tr><td id="2-e">ADDRESS:..</td><td id="2-f" colspan="2">(text and dotted line)</td></tr>
<tr><td id="2-g">DATE: ..........</td><td id="2-h" colspan="2">Row of dots</td></tr>
</table>

<a id='538c0d04-7263-4708-80a1-18fda557f160'></a>

DATE OF ADMISSION ................................................

DATE OF DISCHARGE / DETAILS ........................................

CONSULTANT DR. KARA

DIAGNOSIS CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE / CONGESTIVE CARDIAC FAILURE

Patient came in with the following complaints, dyspnoea, inability to walk, difficulty in breathing, fatigue.

Intervention:

FHG: moderate anaemia Hb 6.7g/dl.

2ECS-8 albumin 26.4g/L, LDL 132.5, HDL 95.4, creatinine 530.2µmol/L, eGFR 9mL/min/1.73m²

A diagnosis of end stage kidney disease was made.

Medication: Spironolactone, Furosemide, Propranolol, Onata [illegible], Empagliflozin, Paracetamol,

<a id='8a6d6aed-f0fe-4cf8-b90f-b801479258bd'></a>

SUMMARY:

Discharge Plan

1. Candesartan 1 tab OD x 1/2
2. P.O. Spironolactone 50mg OD x 1/2
3. P.O. Furosemide 40mg OD x 1/2
4. P.O. Empagliflozin 10mg OD x 1/2

Patient is being discharged for nephrology

<a id='c5018312-0a3f-41b7-8eab-ada46c700593'></a>

management at JOOTRH
Dr. A. Omollo
[illegible]
moi.